DOC: Add instructions for building with ASAN (#2473)
uxlfoundation/scikit-learn-intelex: INSTALL.md

**Note:** when building `scikit-learn-intelex` from source with this option, it will use the oneDAL library with which it was compiled. oneDAL has dependencies on other libraries such as TBB, which is also distributed as a python package through `pip` and as a `conda` package. By default, a conda environment will first try to load TBB from its own packages if it is installed in the environment, which might cause issues if oneDAL was compiled with a system TBB instead of a conda one. In such cases, it is advised to either uninstall TBB from pip/conda (it will be loaded from the oneDAL library which links to it), or modify the order of search paths in environment variables like `${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}`.

### Building with ASAN

> In order to use the address sanitizer (ASAN) together with `scikit-learn-intelex`, it's necessary to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use AddressSanitizer (ASAN) together with `scikit-learn-intelex`, it's necessary to:
```
Based on how they refer to it in https://github.com/google/sanitizers/wiki/addresssanitizer

### Building with ASAN

In order to use the address sanitizer (ASAN) together with `scikit-learn-intelex`, it's necessary to:
* Build both oneDAL and scikit-learn-intelex with ASAN (otherwise error traces will not be very informative).
* Preload the ASAN runtime when executing the Python process that imports `scikit-learn-intelex`.
* Optionally, configure Python to use `malloc` as default allocator to reduce the number of false-positive leak reports.

See the instructions on the oneDAL repository for building the library from source with ASAN enabled:
https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneDAL/blob/main/INSTALL.md

When building `scikit-learn-intelex`, the system's default compiler is used unless specified otherwise through variables such as `$CXX`. In order to avoid issues with incompatible runtimes of ASAN, one might want to change the compiler to ICX if oneDAL was built with ICX (the default for it).

The compiler and flags to build with both ASAN and debug symbols can be controlled through environment variables - **assuming a Linux system** (ASAN on Windows has not been tested):
```shell
export CC="icx -fsanitize=address -g"
export CXX="icpx -fsanitize=address -g"

> export LDFLAGS="-static-libasan"

Reviewer 2: One naive question: why we need to link ASAN statically?

Author: I don't know, but it doesn't work otherwise.

Author: Actually turns out it's not needed when using ICX, will remove it.

```

The ASAN runtime used by ICX is the same as the one by CLANG. It's possible to preload the ASAN runtime for GNU if that's the system's default through e.g. `LD_PRELOAD=libasan.so` or similar, but to get the same ASAN runtime as for oneDAL, one might need to specifically pass the paths from CLANG:
```shell
export LD_PRELOAD=$(clang -print-file-name=libclang_rt.asan-x86_64.so)
```

Then, the Python memory allocator can be set to `malloc` like this:
```shell
export PYTHONMALLOC=malloc
```

Putting it all together, the earlier examples building the library in-place and executing a python file with it become as follows:
```shell
source <path to ASAN-enabled oneDAL env.sh>

> CC="icx -fsanitize=address -g" CXX="icpx -fsanitize=address -g" LDFLAGS="-static-libasan" python setup.py build_ext --inplace --force --abs-rpath

Reviewer 3: should it be ICX?

Author: If you meant about the `CXX` variable, then: no, on linux the C++ compiler is invoked through `icpx`.

Reviewer 3: i mean that we would need  icx only for gpu portion of scikit but CPU side of the things should be gcc

Author: Yes, but then you'd be mixing a library compiled with ICX (oneDAL) expecting the clang runtime for ASAN, and a library compiled with GCC expecting the gnu runtime for ASAN.

It does work with swapped runtimes as far as I can tell, but I think the clang runtime has additional things that the gnu one doesn't, so it could potentially lead to incompatibility problems depending on which functionalities/symbols/etc. from ASAN get used.
